
https://proxalt.com/USA/elearning/login/index.php
5315cc24ac768
contact@proxalt.com
jNSyG$8S
make sure you complete everything first

13% initiation
24% planning
30% execution
25% monitor
8% close


scenario
definitions
inputs, outputs
formula
fill in blanks
network diagrams
acronyms
all multiple choice, pick one

need for test
picture id
PMI eligibility letter

Project is a temporary endeavor that creates a unique product/service/result, or deliverable.  Projects are usually divided into several project phases.


Initiating project group:
projects can be approved or terminated
will initiate if new project
existing project provides authorize to continue with next phase
determine project objectives
develop project charter
identify all stakeholders
assign project manager


planning process group
most of time in this phase
formulating revising and 
planning process develops overall project management plan

executing process:
most money spent on execution
all work planned in planning done here
implement chnages in this phase
team building in executing group

monitor and control:
measure and monitor against baselines
recommend changes, defect repair
verify scope
administer contracts

closure
formally and orderly end project activities
archive records
procurment audits and payments are made
conduct customer satisfaction survey and sign-off

10 knowledge areas are:
scope managment
time management
cost management
hr management
communcations management
risk mang.
quaility mang.
procurement
stake holder managment
Integration managment



Scope Management
work and effort required to complete the goals and objectives of the project
what is in, what is out?


Time Management
Amount of time to complete and all the activies related to the project Also concerning project schedule

Cost Managment
Finance expenditures and cost assoicated with completion of project objectives within budget



Quality Managment
Standards relevant to project to reach customer satisfaction and quality deliverables
Quality Managmenet System

Communication Management
Generating collecting storing and retreiving and distrubuting project related information to customer
Majority of time spent communicating with team members and other project stakeholders

HR Managment
organize manage staff and lead project team



Risk Managment
minimzing the adverse affects of consequences or actions that may inhibit project success.  Uncertainty.  Increase probablity

Procurement Management
Securing goods and services from outside the performing organization to meet project objectives

Stakeholder managment
Identify people groups or organizations that could impact or be impacted by a project.

Integration Managment
coordination and unification of all the knowledge area processes and project activites.
identify define unify coordinate all areas --- unification, consolidation, articluation, etc. etc. etc.

Relationship between 5 process groups and 10 knowledge areas:
















